Hannah Gunter: Hello.
Richelle Direny: It's been a while.
Hannah Gunter: It has been, how are you
Richelle Direny: Are you
Hannah Gunter: Oh, I'm here.
Hannah Gunter: Um, I just needed to do a counseling appointment. I had one the other day, I believe, on the 23rd and I couldn't attend because I was at the emergency room.
Hannah Gunter: And I had a cornea was a comprehension as central corneal something my, I was like my eyeball was scratched it was an abrasion. So that's why I couldn't attend that appointment. So I'm just rescheduling here now.
Richelle Direny: Well, I mean,
Richelle Direny: I'm sorry to hear that. So how did you get the
Richelle Direny: Real
Hannah Gunter: How did I get what
Richelle Direny: You said you scratched your cornea. Right.
Hannah Gunter: Oh yeah. Yes, I was doing my I got up that morning and I went to go take a shower and I was washing my hair and my I have fake fingernails and my nail got me in the eye.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, it was, it was pretty painful.
Richelle Direny: But I think we were supposed to be meeting every other week from the last time we met.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, and I had appointment scheduled and Jamie called me every single time and told me that you had to reschedule with me.
Hannah Gunter: So it was not me.
Richelle Direny: Jamie calls you every single time.
Hannah Gunter: At the pet. Yes. Every time she has called and said that you had to reschedule with me, that something about your schedule wasn't or your schedule was booked up and you had to reschedule with me so and Jamie's my care coordinator, so
Richelle Direny: Wow.
Hannah Gunter: I mean she she has it all documented.
Richelle Direny: I have to thank her message because I know, I know.
Hannah Gunter: Cuz I'm not. I mean, I'm not lying to yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: I know that the
Richelle Direny: I know that the 20th. They. I don't know why they booked you that's that was
Hannah Gunter: I don't
Richelle Direny: I don't know why they booked you
Hannah Gunter: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Where we told them not to put anybody on my calendar. It was a holiday.
Hannah Gunter: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: And I know that. And then the week before that.
Hannah Gunter: I promise, that's exactly what happened.
I know even
Hannah Gunter: I even have the emails that bright heart sent me saying that I needed to reschedule with you.
Hannah Gunter: So I don't know what was going on. I'm just going by what they tell me. Oh.
Richelle Direny: Are. And because our, our
Richelle Direny: Our plan was what every other week.
Hannah Gunter: Now, I believe so, yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Because I know that I've been communicating with you.
Richelle Direny: To confirm the sessions at times.
Hannah Gunter: When
Hannah Gunter: I emailed you the other day. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, no, this week and then there was the one time that there were times where you will tell me that you're, you're not able to meet because
Hannah Gunter: I think I did once or twice, but not consecutively.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, cuz I'm always here. I do know that for this month. I do know last week.
Richelle Direny: I don't know.
Richelle Direny: Why, because I even told Jamie. Why would they want my schedule. When I clearly told them not to not
Hannah Gunter: What I didn't understand. I mean, I like I said, I don't know, I just go by what they tell me or show
Richelle Direny: All right, so you've been going to group consistently.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: I go every week, every Tuesday at 130
Every time I
Hannah Gunter: Yes, I did last week I did my urine test my past it. I did a pill count last week. So, I mean, I'm doing good. Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: Oh,
Oh,
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Hannah Gunter: It's just been quite a hectic care. My grandma passed away on Christmas Eve.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, so it's been
Hannah Gunter: It's been kind of chaotic.
Hannah Gunter: Because
Richelle Direny: If you get your mom's mom.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, that was my Mom's Mom.
Richelle Direny: already posted her
Hannah Gunter: Yeah. Yes. She had all timers and dimension, they just found that she had brain cancer and it went from her brain to her kidneys and yeah, wow.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, it was, it was too far gone
Hannah Gunter: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: Where are you helping where she living in a home or you
Hannah Gunter: Well, I had been taking care of her. Oh, wow. For years, and then my mom decided that it would be best to put her in the nursing home here just recently because she was, she was kind of out of control.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: She had lived in stage.
Hannah Gunter: Like it yes she had dementia and Alzheimer's and she was like, to the fullest, you know,
Richelle Direny: It was expecting
Richelle Direny: It kind of starts office. I think this dimension, then it moves to Alzheimer's, like they're all within the same family.
Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: I guess I'm just glad she isn't suffering anymore.
Richelle Direny: But it still doesn't it still doesn't make it any easier.
Richelle Direny: To go through them.
Hannah Gunter: I couldn't hear you ever show. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: I said it doesn't make it any easier.
Hannah Gunter: Having a bad connection.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, because you're, you're, I noticed that when you talk your voice goes in and out.
Hannah Gunter: That's what you're doing.
Richelle Direny: Okay, can you hear me a little bit better.
Walter
Hannah Gunter: Can you hear me if the
Richelle Direny: Weather bad there in Ohio.
Hannah Gunter: Excellent. Actually, that's been snowing.
Hannah Gunter: Been snowing and sleep. Yeah, it's pretty cold.
Hannah Gunter: Oh, oh, it's around probably 20 degrees 25 degrees.
Hannah Gunter: It's pretty too.
Richelle Direny: Many degrees. Oh, wow.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah. Yep.
Hannah Gunter: The other day, it was like it dropped down to like 14 I think
Richelle Direny: 14 yeah
Richelle Direny: Wow. That is really cool.
Hannah Gunter: Weather better than I do, warm
Hannah Gunter: I can deal with it a lot better.
Richelle Direny: Now I stopped looking over last time we met. Were you able to find a psychiatry, since we met.
Hannah Gunter: I have not. I was going to see if there was any way you could maybe
Richelle Direny: I do want to put down the phone. I can't hear you anymore.
Hannah Gunter: Is that better. Yeah. Oh.
Hannah Gunter: No, I was going to see if maybe I'm like, you can maybe help me with that because I would rather do like an online. You know, like we do now.
Hannah Gunter: Because I don't have to exploitation.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. So you're talking about my gut, but I'm
Richelle Direny: With. Um, let's see, we're in Ohio, are you
Hannah Gunter: I'm in southern Ohio.
Richelle Direny: Maybe we can see cuz i mean i know Tom medicine, something that's up and coming out. What are not a
Habit.
Richelle Direny: I a tree.
Richelle Direny: We will have to look into that. To see if they do have it.
Hannah Gunter: Or if they're like interest that
Richelle Direny: Offers that
Hannah Gunter: I'm just more I'm more comfortable doing it. You know, like the tele health
Richelle Direny: Okay, and then we would have to see if they offer it in your state.
Hannah Gunter: Correct. And if they accept my insurance.
Hannah Gunter: So yeah, I wanted to talk to you about that and see if, maybe, you know, you could kind of pointed in the right direction.
Richelle Direny: I think a lot of that will come through your insurance because it comes down to the insurance.
Hannah Gunter: Right. So what I mean, would it be best like to contact my insurance and, you know, tell them what I'm looking for.
Richelle Direny: Yes, it would be best.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, okay.
Richelle Direny: They would be because like even if I was supposed to find something
Richelle Direny: And I'm
Richelle Direny: Like five names when then if none of them except your insurance. Then what would be to contact the insurance to see if
Hannah Gunter: They do. Okay.
Richelle Direny: But in the meantime, for your interest psychotics that you're taking
Hannah Gunter: Right now, I'm just on Seroquel adopter Jamison she gives me that that's the only thing I'm taking right now.
Okay.
Hannah Gunter: So I definitely
Richelle Direny: Vacation. Well, I'm circles, kind of a psychotic. I think they use it for
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It helps for sleep, I believe, right.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, it helps me sleep. That's pretty much the only thing it does
Richelle Direny: Okay, for bipolar and fighting. Nothing. No, no, you don't take medications for back to you.
Hannah Gunter: Know not currently I need to be
Richelle Direny: And you don't go to any outside groups right
Hannah Gunter: I got a yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: It's you go with your husband. Right.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay. And you go
Hannah Gunter: Well, sometimes I go with my sponsor also
Hannah Gunter: It just depends.
Richelle Direny: So how has that been for your social anxiety. I know.
Hannah Gunter: It's been a lot better since, you know, my husband.
Hannah Gunter: Goes with me.
Hannah Gunter: It helps a lot. It really does. I'm working my way into it.
Richelle Direny: And how do you guys go one someone
Hannah Gunter: And now we try to go at least twice a week.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Hannah Gunter: That's good. Yeah, we get to the. It's called the lighthouse and it's right here in Greenfield
Richelle Direny: And you've been, it's been beneficial for you.
Hannah Gunter: I love it. Yes.
Hannah Gunter: I do I'm working my steps right now so
Richelle Direny: Okay, and you say you have a sponsor right
Hannah Gunter: I do, yes.
Richelle Direny: And when do you see Dr. Jason tomorrow.
Hannah Gunter: I see her tomorrow. Well, I have group tomorrow. I don't have a one on one with her. I just have group tomorrow.
Hannah Gunter: But I mean, I'll talk with the ring group or whatnot.
Richelle Direny: And I remember the last time we talked you talked about
Richelle Direny: Austin time experiencing blackouts on the last time that we met was back in November. November 21 right before the Thanksgiving holidays.
Richelle Direny: Have you
Richelle Direny: Had any of those backgrounds or anything like that.
Hannah Gunter: No, I have it. I've actually been, I've been doing a lot better with it.
Richelle Direny: Now,
Richelle Direny: I know you said, a lot of it was surrounding like if you ever got into an argument with your spouse or any kind of long situation.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I like I said, we've been doing a lot better. Just take it one day at a time, you know,
Hannah Gunter: I try not to rush anything because doing that, you know, things kind of get out of whack. So I guess. Patience is a virtue.
Richelle Direny: And we know with your grandmother when she on hospice prior to her financing or was it kind of
Hannah Gunter: Well, hospice came in, I believe the day before she passed away.
Hannah Gunter: And
Richelle Direny: So as soon as they started Steve should pass the lead within a day of them starting. Yeah.
Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: My mom didn't even call me and let me know, because I was supposed to go down and
Hannah Gunter: I wait for
Richelle Direny: her because she didn't tell you know
Hannah Gunter: She didn't she told me everything was fine with my girl, because I had went and seen her the night. Prior to her passing away, and I told them. I told her I would be back to see her.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I just don't want to talk about that right now.
Hannah Gunter: I'm just not ready to
Richelle Direny: A little Brief Therapy. But like you said, a little fresh
Hannah Gunter: I'm sorry, I can't hear you.
Richelle Direny: See now all the sudden you became loud.
Hannah Gunter: Okay. Yep. You did.
Hannah Gunter: But I guess I really haven't dealt with it. And I just, I'm not ready to
Richelle Direny: Yeah, it takes a little time. It takes a little time and so I mean only been you said the 2016
Hannah Gunter: No, no, the 24th. She passed away on Christmas Eve.
Richelle Direny: Christmas Eve. Okay, little, a little over a month.
Hannah Gunter: Okay about yeah around a month. Yeah, but
Richelle Direny: Then it doesn't help with what's going on in the news. Now, this is like a reminder of
You know people that we've lost
Hannah Gunter: Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: You know, the only two people I ever had, you know,
Richelle Direny: It was your sister. Very around afterwards.
Hannah Gunter: I know your sister.
Richelle Direny: Was a relationship.
Hannah Gunter: Oh yeah, my sister, my grandma was in the nursing home where my sister.
Hannah Gunter: She works.
Hannah Gunter: So my sister was with her, you know,
Richelle Direny: Okay. Oh, so she was there helping your remedy. You're saying, Yeah, okay. But then I was asking, how was it for you like
Richelle Direny: Because you guys have had the funeral sense right
Hannah Gunter: Excuse me.
Richelle Direny: You had the funeral. So your sister was there.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, yeah. My whole family was there.
Hannah Gunter: No one even really acknowledge
Hannah Gunter: Was there. Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, I'm just not ready to
Hannah Gunter: Think about it.
Richelle Direny: Hi helps with the healing.
Process.
Hannah Gunter: I don't know.
Hannah Gunter: Because. Trust me, I've done my fair share of probably not healed yet so
Richelle Direny: What's it
Hannah Gunter: Statistics say that I've noticed, this is a statistic at all. So,
Richelle Direny: Um, yeah, kind of the healing process. You get out. It gets it out all of those body locomotion. It helps to release it.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, that's what I do I push you to like push everything down.
Hannah Gunter: Sit down and just keep pushing them best.
Richelle Direny: Thanks. So crying helps to release the pain, what you're feeling the emotion, like you said, even though you know
Hannah Gunter: I feel weak.
Richelle Direny: I completely get it.
Hannah Gunter: I completely get it but
Richelle Direny: In this situation, it is definitely something that helps with the process because like you said you know that she's in a better place. Oh, it's okay to cry.
Richelle Direny: It's okay. And you say you have your biggest supporter there with you, your husband. I do.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Yeah, but I really encourage just to continue, um,
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, if I didn't have him well.
Richelle Direny: Huh.
Hannah Gunter: If I didn't have. I don't know what what happened.
Hannah Gunter: I don't know. Well, it would be bad.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Now, in terms of like I know like we talked about just the dress like so social
Richelle Direny: Anxiety and even though
Richelle Direny: You've been going to the meetings with your host name and you have your sponsor.
Richelle Direny: About like the socialization. I know that was another thing that we
Hannah Gunter: Want on your socialization.
Hannah Gunter: Well, like I said, I'm still kinda working my way into
Richelle Direny: Away, you went away.
Hannah Gunter: Oh, can you hear me now.
Richelle Direny: I can hear you. It's just that you just sound very fun.
Hannah Gunter: I don't know what is wrong.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, now. Now, what was it again. I'm sorry.
Richelle Direny: No, I was talking about your socialization. How has that been for
Hannah Gunter: You
Richelle Direny: Being able to socialize on your own initiating
Hannah Gunter: conversations with people yeah i i i don't talk to people. I don't do well with people. People there too judgmental.
Hannah Gunter: And that is one thing I do not
Hannah Gunter: I do not go for
Hannah Gunter: That's I think that's a reason. Another reason you know that I do have social anxiety.
Hannah Gunter: There's too many judgmental people
Hannah Gunter: In this world and I judge myself enough, let alone, someone else, you know,
Richelle Direny: What do you find initially when you meet someone, you can look at them through that lens before even having a conversation with them.
Hannah Gunter: No.
Hannah Gunter: No, that I feel that they do that to me.
Hannah Gunter: I feel that it's vice versa.
Hannah Gunter: In, you know, I just feel, you know, just because I am a drug addict. But I'm a recovering drug addict. That doesn't define me as a person at all.
Hannah Gunter: Well,
Richelle Direny: I think part of what we
Richelle Direny: Are ourselves, like you say we're we're our own worst critic.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Definitely our own worst critic, but at the same time.
Richelle Direny: The way we look at ourselves and what we think of ourselves.
Richelle Direny: You automatically think the people
Richelle Direny: around you is the same thing.
Richelle Direny: The way you look at self and then you know it doesn't necessarily help that you said you don't necessarily have the greatest relationship with the people who are deemed as meaningful in your life. And because of how they look at you, you kind of somewhat
Richelle Direny: I mean, and I've we've talked about in the past and
Richelle Direny: Without realizing it, we start thinking of ourselves and think others think of us the way people who are meaningful in our lives. Look at us and think of us.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, that's
Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: That's true. I mean, uh, but I just, I don't know, that's just, that's where I'm at right now, I guess.
Richelle Direny: Even you know we all do it it's it's not it we all
Richelle Direny: We all do it. If you think about when you were younger, I don't know if you've ever had. Have you ever had, as I'm talking about it. I think about, like, have you when you were younger, you've ever had, like, a pupil that cigarette on your face and you think
The world and
Richelle Direny: Attention to
Richelle Direny: What we do, we're like,
Richelle Direny: The person is talking to us. And I'm like, I'm looking at this
Is
Richelle Direny: Why, why they don't stop looking at it. You're the only one that knows that.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, that's worrying about it and I. That's what I don't know how to overcome. I don't know how to overcome that.
Hannah Gunter: But it's
Richelle Direny: All of us it's
Every single
Hannah Gunter: aspect to it.
Richelle Direny: Why do I give the example of does it because I've walked that road, I
Richelle Direny: Want that point. But I think it's, it's our own self confidence and self esteem that needs to come up right now for you. It's really super low. So it's just your own self confidence, it's your own self esteem. It's like super low so you
Hannah Gunter: Just
Richelle Direny: Say that, you know, I don't know. That's what you want, that's what you have to work on. It's your. How do you pick yourself.
Hannah Gunter: And say that like that's hard.
Hannah Gunter: Because I don't look at myself.
Hannah Gunter: In a good manner and a good sort of perspective at all.
Richelle Direny: How would you describe. So how would you describe it and tell me about
Hannah Gunter: Oh gosh, I don't even know.
Hannah Gunter: That's a hard one.
Richelle Direny: But what do you think, and I think about
Richelle Direny: Or not what's in it. What does anything people think about her.
Hannah Gunter: I think that they
Hannah Gunter: See drug addict, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Worthless that I'll never amount to anything.
Hannah Gunter: And that's not true, because I am I am very, very smart.
Hannah Gunter: I
Hannah Gunter: I just you know i i think the worst.
Richelle Direny: What did you no something that you're saying, I've heard in the past. What is your think about you.
Hannah Gunter: Oh my, my sister and I don't get along at all.
Richelle Direny: I understand that, but what does she think if she was supposed to describe our what was
Hannah Gunter: What I just what I just said to you.
Richelle Direny: And you believe that because of what she says to you,
Hannah Gunter: And she's a judgmental bitch, that's why. Yes.
Richelle Direny: But remember, it's outside of the fact that she's judgmental. Remember, we believe, of ourselves is true what others say or think about us. And if a person says it long enough, we
Richelle Direny: We own it.
Hannah Gunter: Yes, we own it.
Richelle Direny: So,
Hannah Gunter: And the reason why I
Richelle Direny: Said, What is your sister think about because it was very hard for me to tell me about no but no was able to tell me what someone's you're at what you're still thinks about for is what Anna thinks about yourself.
Okay.
Hannah Gunter: Do you mean Hannah, are you ME KNOW YOU'RE CALLING ME. Anna.
Hannah Gunter: I was confused.
Hannah Gunter: Yes.
Hannah Gunter: But yes, that is, that's why I do, that's a big part of my social anxiety. Most definitely.
Richelle Direny: Because we are convinced. Yes, the people who are meaningful in our lives family close friends ones, what they think about us.
Richelle Direny: We have redefined who we are based on their lens. So it's very hard for you to tell me something. Otherwise, because you're fully convinced that you are worth nothing, you will never amount to anything because you're fully convinced that
Hannah Gunter: I'm i mean i'm i'm not convinced of that. I know that that's where I'm at, in life right now am I always going to feel that I am you know worthless a drug addict, you know. No, I'm not. Because it doesn't define me.
Richelle Direny: But it's very hard for you to
Richelle Direny: Me.
Hannah Gunter: And that's what I need help with. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Well, the first question to start please does analysts, Anna.
Hannah Gunter: Yes, I do love myself.
Richelle Direny: And does does Hannah believe that she's worth something.
Hannah Gunter: I do
Hannah Gunter: I just lost sight of it, I guess.
Richelle Direny: It's not, I guess.
Hannah Gunter: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Understand, it's looking
Hannah Gunter: At it.
Richelle Direny: It's starting off with
Richelle Direny: It's nice when your husband and tell you the positive and the great things. It's nice when some people tell you the positive and the great things.
Hannah Gunter: But you
Richelle Direny: Have to tell you the positive in the great things about yourself.
Richelle Direny: Then
Richelle Direny: And working on building that self confidence is telling yourself. It doesn't matter what another person think or feel because everyone is entitled to their own opinion that they can
Hannah Gunter: You're right. Yeah. And it doesn't matter what they think it's just at that point in time, at that moment, you know, I know how people are and
Hannah Gunter: It's, it's really not me bashing myself as much as I know it is other people. Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: Exactly.
Hannah Gunter: Well, it's
Hannah Gunter: Like I don't know where to start.
Richelle Direny: You start with you.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: I do
Richelle Direny: It starts with you there. I think was the one I sing the song, I think, was Michael Jackson.
Richelle Direny: Uh huh. What is the song I'm starting with the men in the mirror. Yep, I'm asking him, it was a change his ways and in the day. The Man in the Mirror is who
Hannah Gunter: Make yourself that's
Richelle Direny: That's all that's who. That's, that's all that's important. It's all about what you think about you. I'm not saying to be conceited, and I'm not saying to be overly self, it's just
Richelle Direny: And that's how you start. It's not allowing
Richelle Direny: It's thinking how much power and control. Have you allow people to have over you.
Hannah Gunter: And the word
Richelle Direny: How much power and control. Have you allowed people to have over you.
Hannah Gunter: Well, I guess not full control because I can still, you know, I still know you know what I know is what's right, you know, and what you know what is so
It's just
Hannah Gunter: It's just there are so many people whom are judgmental and they judge before you know they know someone
Hannah Gunter: And that's not the type of person I am.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, so
Richelle Direny: Everyone is judgmental in some way. Okay.
Richelle Direny: So we're going to start every single person.
Hannah Gunter: Instrumental in some way.
Hannah Gunter: Whether you
Richelle Direny: Realize it or not. Every single person is judgmental. I'm judgmental or just mentioned your husband. Your mom, your brother, your every person is judged.
Hannah Gunter: Right.
Hannah Gunter: All right. It just depends on what level they take it to
Exactly.
Richelle Direny: You taking it to the point where you are going to damage a person's way of looking at their self confidence their self image. Are you going to, and oftentimes we do that simply
Because
That's always
Richelle Direny: That's all you know a lot of
Richelle Direny: Us know but we often think about a bully is a bully is a bully because a bully is what
Richelle Direny: Bullied first
Hannah Gunter: Well, like first. Yes.
Hannah Gunter: That's all they know
Richelle Direny: That's all they know
Richelle Direny: Is a bully, simply because they're bullied first
Hannah Gunter: Yes.
Richelle Direny: But then it changes their perspective on how they do things like you hurt. I want you, I hurt. I want you to hurt because I need you, the same way.
Hannah Gunter: But see, that I don't feel that way, though. Michelle I don't feel that, you know, if I'm sad or upset that I want you know my loved one to fail that or even worse, that's what
Hannah Gunter: I'm struggling with. I'm not like that.
Richelle Direny: The end. You're right. You don't want to do it, but other people are like that. I'm hurt. So guess what I'm gonna tell you
Hannah Gunter: Everything bad about yourself. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Because I need you to feel the way I feel I'm feeling crappy, I need you to feel crappy right along.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: But the difference is you start believing the crap, I'm telling you.
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So now you just gave me power over you.
Richelle Direny: Because I am I'm feeling bad. So I'm going to make you feel bad.
Richelle Direny: Now notice that you're eating up the stuff. So now I just became your personalized boom because you gave me power to do so.
Hannah Gunter: OK, I see.
Hannah Gunter: I do I understand it's a
Richelle Direny: Go ahead.
Hannah Gunter: It's just hard. Like, I don't know, it's, it's hard. I don't know where to start, or even you know how to
Hannah Gunter: If I could change the world and you know make everyone like me, I would do it.
Richelle Direny: We can't unfortunately we all feel that way, but we can't. But what we could do it. We could just start with loving ourselves and trying our best not to
Richelle Direny: Give people control.
Hannah Gunter: Right, and I do, I do love myself. I, I do. It's just, I've lost sight of how much I love myself.
Richelle Direny: Mm Hmm, how can how can you what is one thing that you can work on
Hannah Gunter: Oh well.
Hannah Gunter: That's there's a lot. I could, I need to work on.
Richelle Direny: It's a lot. We all need to work on a lot of things, but
Hannah Gunter: You know,
Hannah Gunter: Finding you know myself that that part of that love that I've, you know,
Richelle Direny: And where did you lose yourself. At what point in life. Did you lose yourself.
Hannah Gunter: A long time ago.
Richelle Direny: That's where you start. And when was that
Hannah Gunter: Well, it's been about 18 years. That's where you start.
Richelle Direny: You got to find that little person. Yeah. And what be yourself.
Richelle Direny: And I know a lot of that surrounds the abuse you sustained with through that right
Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: That's what started the addiction.
Richelle Direny: Yep. Now,
Hannah Gunter: Yes, you're right.
Hannah Gunter: I did it to you know numb myself and
Hannah Gunter: Maybe get attention.
Hannah Gunter: Because I didn't have it from my mom or, you know,
So,
Richelle Direny: We can be fun. I remember in our session. He talks about. You are the only one that experienced it right
Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: Yep.
Hannah Gunter: But I have broad shoulders.
Hannah Gunter: To have to
Richelle Direny: When did you start developing broad shoulders.
Hannah Gunter: Whoo.
Hannah Gunter: Probably when I was a kid.
Richelle Direny: And what made you. What did you tell yourself to start in the valley developing
Hannah Gunter: I didn't I, I had no choice.
Richelle Direny: No, I know. But I had what was going on in your mind at the time that you can remember that helped you to develop those broad shoulders.
Hannah Gunter: It wasn't anything good that helped me, you know, be able to take on what I take on trust me it wasn't it, it wasn't something good. It wasn't a good outcome.
Hannah Gunter: But I just I you know I grew up and I dealt with it.
Hannah Gunter: The way I dealt with it.
Richelle Direny: And how did you you dealt with it, like you said, in a not so good way. Right.
Hannah Gunter: Right, I won't. I wouldn't say a wrong way. But I will, you know, not, not very good.
Richelle Direny: But what was but describe what is you're not very good. Because if you're everything you can you can
Hannah Gunter: Turn drugs, drugs.
Richelle Direny: Drugs to help you to get through.
Richelle Direny: Yes. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Now you you let it was a bad thing that you were going through. It was a horrible thing that you went through, but
Richelle Direny: Gave you
Richelle Direny: Some options. The one option that seemed effective in your mind at that time was being introduced to drugs, where it helps nothing
Hannah Gunter: Yeah. And I, and I was, I think, also, like I said, I was crying out for attention that I was not getting
Hannah Gunter: The only, you know, good attention and the only people who loved me. You know where my grandma and grandpa.
Hannah Gunter: And they're gone.
Richelle Direny: They're gone. But at that time, because remember you saying you're trying to find yourself you lost it about 18 years ago. Yeah, and your grandma and grandpa are worth their in addition to them you sought out other things.
Richelle Direny: Yes, he's to help with the situation, but with your grandparents. How did they provide that direction that you sought out
Hannah Gunter: Um, they, they
Hannah Gunter: They gave me the love.
Hannah Gunter: That my mom.
Hannah Gunter: never even tried
Hannah Gunter: To give me
Richelle Direny: And how did your grandmother and grandfather do that like this. How did they do that. In what way that you felt
Hannah Gunter: That love it. They traded that I was I was their kid, you know, I was theirs.
Richelle Direny: But there you are. So you had some one you felt that sense of belonging.
Hannah Gunter: Of course,
Richelle Direny: And what else you identified that in your that time in your life when you sort something out. You were seeking out and that they met you. What they met you.
Richelle Direny: What you needed it was
Hannah Gunter: It's, it's hard because from the time I was born until now, you know, my grandma, grandpa raised me so I mean honestly, I couldn't tell you I don't
Hannah Gunter: Know,
Richelle Direny: I'm like my ratio and they provided that they were kind of they bridge that gap for you to some degree. Was there a part of you that still sought it out from your mom.
Hannah Gunter: Yes, and I still do.
Richelle Direny: There you go.
Hannah Gunter: I still do today, you know,
Hannah Gunter: I
Hannah Gunter: I hold on and I hope you know
Richelle Direny: And what's what's causing that division, because as much as your grandparents.
Richelle Direny: gave you that temporary respite in terms of they provided that love and affection.
Richelle Direny: About what is blocking it today.
Hannah Gunter: I don't know. I don't know. So
Richelle Direny: You don't have to, you have a relationship with your mom at all.
Hannah Gunter: I try to
Richelle Direny: And what's stopping it.
Hannah Gunter: Her
Richelle Direny: Based on your understanding, what do you think what
Hannah Gunter: I know it's
Hannah Gunter: It's her look. It's not me, it's her
Richelle Direny: But I'm saying from from your, what you can see from your field of view.
Richelle Direny: What do you think for her is hindering her
Oh,
Hannah Gunter: I believe what happened to me as a child, and she blames herself.
Richelle Direny: She blamed herself for it.
Hannah Gunter: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Did she can. So she can't bring herself to embrace you in, whether it's saying
Hannah Gunter: It. I feel like she she
Hannah Gunter: She hates me.
Richelle Direny: She hates you. For in Europe in Europe based on what you think she hates you, for
Hannah Gunter: For what happened to me as a child like she blames me
Richelle Direny: She blames you
Hannah Gunter: In the sense
Richelle Direny: That she think it's your fault.
Hannah Gunter: Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: Is it that she felt that your dad was giving you
Richelle Direny: The love and affection that she desired
Hannah Gunter: Yes. Yep.
Richelle Direny: And to this day, she does she think that your dad loves you more than her.
Hannah Gunter: I think so, yes.
Richelle Direny: And so it no point in time that she ever think that that was not love.
Hannah Gunter: Right.
Hannah Gunter: She believes in her. I don't know. She's just
Hannah Gunter: She does it. I mean, I don't say it at all. She I I try and call her. I tried reach out to her every way possible.
Hannah Gunter: And
Richelle Direny: The feelings are not reciprocated. Right.
Hannah Gunter: But I always you know like that door open and hold on, you know, to hope, hoping that she will one day.
Hannah Gunter: But, but I need to stop that, because all it's doing is hurting me.
Richelle Direny: How old is your mom.
Hannah Gunter: My mom is 54
Richelle Direny: So, your mom is 54 and you're hoping that one day she will come around after 54 years and say,
Hannah Gunter: Why I'm, I'm hoping she would come around right now.
Hannah Gunter: Nine years from now, not days right now.
Richelle Direny: But if she just says
Richelle Direny: The words that you think you want to hear, but she doesn't necessarily mean it. What is it going to
Hannah Gunter: Hurt me even worse.
Richelle Direny: So your excellence those expectations. So that's what's that's what's hurting you. It's the
Hannah Gunter: Yes. Yep.
Hannah Gunter: Is the expectation of her being a mom to me and it you know it hurts. Even worse, because she is a mom to my brother and my sister.
Richelle Direny: Because maybe in her mind.
Richelle Direny: Your dad.
Richelle Direny: Does she think that your dad didn't love them or show them the same affection that he didn't see you.
Hannah Gunter: I really don't know.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, I know he he gets, you know,
Hannah Gunter: My brother him and my brother are really close. And so our him and my sister so.
Richelle Direny: Your dad is still alive that he
Hannah Gunter: I thought he passed away. Well, when he was
Richelle Direny: Really close to them. But, and you were
Hannah Gunter: Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: You're the middle Jess Yes.
Huh.
Hannah Gunter: Yep What and she blames me she blames me for a lot, and I think that's also where I get the feeling you know of judgmental. People are, you know,
Richelle Direny: It goes back to what we talked about. It's all about mom sister and if your brother treated the same way. It's the people who means the most to us that hurts us the deep
Hannah Gunter: Yes. Yep, you're exactly right.
Hannah Gunter: I just think I just need to, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Cut off. You know what ties are maybe even there, and you know, just move on and better myself, you know,
Richelle Direny: And because you said that your sister is raising your children. Right.
Hannah Gunter: Well, yeah, her my mom.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: It is a lot. It is a lot and I think it's just a lack of education, not to save that.
Richelle Direny: Choosing a life of addiction is necessarily
Richelle Direny: Was the greatest choice, but at the same time. I don't think they realize that often times a person who is an addict or they don't look at it, the person who was an addict is suppressing
Richelle Direny: I'm
Richelle Direny: Just these overwhelming feelings and emotions that
Hannah Gunter: They just right. I, I didn't choose to be a drug addict. You know, I feel I was born that way, you know,
Hannah Gunter: I don't feel anyone chooses
Hannah Gunter: You know that kind of life.
Richelle Direny: But when you say born that way the reality of it is, it's thinking about when you bring a child into the world and child comes a clean slate, you have to
Hannah Gunter: Innocence, yeah.
Richelle Direny: Travel is 100% innocent innocent child is not born an addict. They are not born addicted to anything.
Hannah Gunter: Unless exactly
Richelle Direny: It less while you were pregnant, you were pouring the drugs in them, then yes, they are born addicted to it.
Hannah Gunter: They're born addicted to it, but not therefore that that's why I say it doesn't define you as a person.
Richelle Direny: It doesn't define you as a person. So you when you're born a clean slate and empty a blank slate. You have to pour in, you have to teach you have to do a child wasn't born
Richelle Direny: Knowing how to hate
Richelle Direny: You have to teach them how do you
Hannah Gunter: Have to teach them how to. Well, see, I, I don't necessarily agree with that, because I feel, you know, some people are born, the way they're born, they're born with that natural, you know, they just have that that dark side to him, you know that side that does hate that, you know,
Richelle Direny: We all are born with all of these
Hannah Gunter: I don't believe it's taught, no.
Richelle Direny: No, no, no. Not everybody naturally knows how to be bad, like nobody has to teach you how to be bad. I have to teach you how to be good. So, that is true, how ever
Richelle Direny: If you have a child and you bring them out and they see fire. Oh, cool. Let me go touch that you
Richelle Direny: Have no, don't do that. Right. And so in the same way when you think about addiction in terms of being an addict.
Richelle Direny: It has to be introduced to you. And oftentimes, someone says, hey, try that you're hurting you're this, you're that and then you try it and then you realize, oh, I like it stops me from feel
Hannah Gunter: Right, because I feel you're born with that with that gene in your body. That's what I believe.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, you know, I could very well be wrong but
Hannah Gunter: That's what I believe in. I mean, that's, I believe you are born that way you're
Hannah Gunter: Just like just like set in some instance, you know,
Hannah Gunter: Say a female is born into a male's body, you know, they're born into the wrong body.
Richelle Direny: So it's all naturally when you look at natural things. It's in terms of understanding from the concept of, you know, when
Richelle Direny: Who somewhat lost all sense of control.
Richelle Direny: It's you experienced things in life you experienced something in life. And then you lost all sense of control. You were hurting so bad and you needed to stop the pain and you needed to stop.
Hannah Gunter: Right. Yes. And I feel if you have that kind of love, you know, if you have that nurturing love
Hannah Gunter: You know, in some cases it could be different. Yes, I agree.
Richelle Direny: I agree.
Hannah Gunter: I mean, I was dumped the cards I was out
Hannah Gunter: You know i i
Hannah Gunter: I'm doing what I'm doing what I can you know
Hannah Gunter: It's, you know, it's a life it's a it's a process, you know, I'll be an addict for the rest of my life. Will I be an active addict.
Richelle Direny: No.
Hannah Gunter: I don't know that because you know I can't tell you what's going to happen. Five minutes from now.
Hannah Gunter: But I do know right now that I am
Richelle Direny: I think you froze.
Richelle Direny: If you can hear me you froze completely
Hannah Gunter: Oh, okay. Are you there.
Richelle Direny: I'm here.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, I'm sorry. I lost connection.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, in, you know, so in, you're absolutely right. Do you have a history of addiction. Are you an addict. Yes. Are you an active addict. No.
Richelle Direny: No. No one knows what's going to happen. Five minutes from now, but what you do is put the work. Your goal is not to go back into active addiction. So it's the work and to work through those
Hannah Gunter: Obstacles
Richelle Direny: The obstacles to that will, you know, put you back in active addiction. So if you work on those, then you will meet your goal of maintaining
Richelle Direny: Sobriety where you won't go back into active addiction. So when you go back to think TALKING ABOUT WHEN DID YOU FIND WHEN DO YOU THINK YOU'VE LOST yourself and you said many years ago when you went through what you went through with your, your fam. And it's on rebuilding your self confidence.
Hannah Gunter: Right, it's, it, it's made me the person that I am. Mm hmm. And I'm okay with that person. Yes.
Richelle Direny: And that's where you start.
Hannah Gunter: And that's all that matters.
Richelle Direny: That's it. It's okay. That's where you start. It's okay with let me identify what the sources and how can I work on
Richelle Direny: Working through it and maybe for one, it's looking at. Have you set the bar high for yourself and for other people, or should you lower it just a little bit to start working on you.
Hannah Gunter: Exactly. That's what I I don't even think I have set a bar for myself, let alone other people
Hannah Gunter: And that's why I have this social anxiety that I do.
Hannah Gunter: Because they're going to see me how they want to see me no matter what.
Hannah Gunter: And that's just, that's something
Richelle Direny: What is important is how
Hannah Gunter: Horton is how I feel about myself.
Hannah Gunter: And that is, but I mean, that also. It's also it's a process.
Hannah Gunter: It's a process. It's a strange it's a strange process, it, it's, it's hard. Very long and hard
Richelle Direny: He's very long and hard, but you have to start with one thing at a time. And so maybe with one thing at a time. Start with I'm
Richelle Direny: Telling saying at least one thing positive about yourself, each thing.
Hannah Gunter: Uh huh.
Richelle Direny: And that one thing that you say about whether you say, Anna, Hannah.
Hannah Gunter: You are beautiful and
Richelle Direny: That's what you say every day to yourself until you start believing it and understand the depth of what you're saying just start with that alone.
Richelle Direny: You're removing everybody else out of the picture me out of your mind, meaning your husband, your grip everybody out of your mind and you're focusing on you and start with your positive self love saying something positive to you each day and believing that
Hannah Gunter: And that is a that's a very hard start because I mean that that is that that is that's hard to do.
Hannah Gunter: Because I've seen only the bad in myself, you know, for so long.
Hannah Gunter: But do I know I have great potential. Most definitely.
Richelle Direny: So that's it. That's all you say I have great potential no have great central that's all you have to say.
Hannah Gunter: Yeah, for today.
Richelle Direny: It's hard to remember you're owning it. You
Richelle Direny: Know it's hard, you know,
Richelle Direny: And but you're going to
Richelle Direny: Push yourself to say it's kind of like thinking about those days when it's hard to get out of bed. But do you have to get out of bed.
Richelle Direny: I think you froze again.
Richelle Direny: Okay, you're back.
Richelle Direny: Can you hear me.
Hannah Gunter: I lost you for a minute. Rochelle Yeah.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, yeah, I'm losing my connection. And I don't know why I don't know what's happening.
Richelle Direny: But I was just saying I was just quickly saying is that, you know, like you said, it's how you have already identified, it's hard.
Richelle Direny: But think about it. There are days where you don't feel like getting out of bed. But do you have to get out. Right.
Hannah Gunter: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Did you push yourself to get out of bed and it's the same way.
Richelle Direny: I think you froze again. Did you
Richelle Direny: Yes, so let's
Hannah Gunter: I'm sorry I lost you again. Michelle No.
Richelle Direny: I was just about to send you an email but
Hannah Gunter: That's just
Richelle Direny: But like I said, we're going to start off with just say one thing, positive I'm
Hannah Gunter: Positive about myself.
Richelle Direny: No matter how
Richelle Direny: Hard, it is you're still going to say, even if it just one time for the date, but you're going to push yourself. Okay.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, yeah, like that.
Okay.
Richelle Direny: Let's, um,
Richelle Direny: Let us put on the castle. Let's start off. Now what is best for every other week, or every week.
Hannah Gunter: Every other week. Right.
Hannah Gunter: Now,
Richelle Direny: Every other week Mondays at seven o'clock. Is that good for you.
Richelle Direny: you muted yourself.
Hannah Gunter: Or Tuesdays okay for you.
Richelle Direny: Do you but you have groups on Tuesdays. Don't you
Richelle Direny: Right, but it would have to be Monday.
Hannah Gunter: Monday. OK. OK. So Monday at seven and yes and
Richelle Direny: I hold on. I don't think I have anything on the 10. So that would be the next time.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, every other week. So February tip.
Richelle Direny: Yes, I look
Richelle Direny: At seven. Alright.
Hannah Gunter: That sounds good, Rochelle.
Richelle Direny: All right then. So in the meantime we'll just check in. If you need a question in between that, just like you did.
Hannah Gunter: Okay, now
Hannah Gunter: But yeah
Richelle Direny: I mean, it is a long stretch between we meet again, but just
Hannah Gunter: If I need you. I will. I'll email you or something.
Richelle Direny: Yes, but what what is, what is your goal. What are you going to work on.
Hannah Gunter: I'm going to work on saying one positive thing every day about myself.
Richelle Direny: Even if it's just one time for the day, it's going to try
Hannah Gunter: Okay, yes. Thank you, Michelle.
Richelle Direny: You're welcome. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
Brandon Higginbotham: Hello.
Richelle Direny: Oh,
Brandon Higginbotham: Can you hear me. Yes, I can hear.
Brandon Higginbotham: It appears as if he still had you on the calendar with Maggie. Yeah, well I just called in. That's the number they gave me they gave me her meeting ID. So that's why late right now. Yeah, but I don't know why they had to encounter. I had you on my calendar.
So,
Richelle Direny: So just, you will hit when your email you set a bio cycle. You don't have a bias already did.
Brandon Higginbotham: Oh yeah, we'll see. That's what they told me when I tried to schedule my counseling, like a week and a half ago. They told me I needed to complete that. And I wasn't sure exactly what that was.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you did that back with Maggie. Remember
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, I remember having a meeting with her. I just went to her like what it was called or anything.
Richelle Direny: But so I sent Maggie. A MESSAGE. SAID THAT YOU HAD you had been a notional three different on three different occasions.
Brandon Higginbotham: I tried to like call in and like, Jamie. That's my care coordinator Navigator. She told me that Maggie's or Natalie's availability wasn't posted yet, and she can give me any information and that was posted
Richelle Direny: Well, we'll try to figure out what's going on because sometimes they do put on the schedule without their knowledge and because I had sent an email. I know that she she didn't have any of them.
Richelle Direny: So hold on let me pull up
Richelle Direny: Now, in that. Have you met with her for an individual before in the past.
Brandon Higginbotham: Maggie, Maggie.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, yeah. I had that one meeting with her and then like every time I tried to schedule another 100 level ability wasn't there. So like they want my supposed to do.
Brandon Higginbotham: Has Dr. Jamison like she was getting like very strict with the Council and meetings and stuff. And I was like, I'm, I'm trying to schedule. I can't. There's nothing like if I'm told her availabilities not there. You know me.
Richelle Direny: Well,
Richelle Direny: I'll see because I mean our, our, our schedules, kind of get filled a little quicker. But I think for me I am now kind of scheduling my own
Brandon Higginbotham: Right.
Richelle Direny: I don't I you know I do find people show up in then I'm like, I didn't happen so
Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I think it's just what's more feasible and having an ongoing on
Richelle Direny: Our
Richelle Direny: Schedule, whether it's based on my sessions I determine whether or not once a month, once every other week or whatever it's feasible and financially affordable as
Richelle Direny: Okay, and what
Richelle Direny: What time do you go to your group.
Brandon Higginbotham: My group said is at 12 eastern time on Tuesdays.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Every, every Tuesday, you go to from every Tuesday.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Oh, it seems like you have
Richelle Direny: So you're still in school right now.
Brandon Higginbotham: I'm actually just started a backup.
Richelle Direny: You're in law school.
Brandon Higginbotham: This man.
Richelle Direny: Your practices where you keep practicing
Brandon Higginbotham: Yes, ma'am. North Carolina Wisconsin and California
Richelle Direny: So when you're in Knoxville. That's you. At the same time, you work on getting credentials in multiple states or how does that work.
Brandon Higginbotham: Well, if I also have to take the bar in the States, but those are the three states, and then I'll be able to practice in and be able to take the bar and
Brandon Higginbotham: Like once I graduate law school.
Richelle Direny: Barring offering me
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah yeah it's through concord law school.
Richelle Direny: That's a lot of study.
Yes, ma'am.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: And you graduate in three years.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, I finished my pre law back in 2013 when I graduated with a 3.8 GPA.
Oh,
Richelle Direny: So you're working on maintaining your sobriety. That's good. And this career path is pretty stressful isn't not
Brandon Higginbotham: Yes, it can be
Richelle Direny: So you work full time and are in law school.
This man.
Richelle Direny: Wow, that's, that's, and how are you managing that
Brandon Higginbotham: One day at a time.
Richelle Direny: That's a good answer.
Richelle Direny: Because all you can take it.
Richelle Direny: One day at a time. Right. Yes.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay, so do you go to any outside
Richelle Direny: Programs.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, me and my wife, we go to like in a couple times a week, a couple different meetings locally here.
Richelle Direny: Okay. Okay. Great. And then you do groups here with bright heart.
Correct.
Richelle Direny: So how long have you been with bright heart.
Brandon Higginbotham: November. Yes, it's, I think it was mid October Maven first part of November. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, and this has been much more feasible for you to write our program.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, that's definitely it takes like the travel time out and give me a little more time to work around the schedule.
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: All right, so I'm for you. Just in trying to because I would have to find out with Maggie, I know her schedule is limited.
Richelle Direny: And I don't you know I'm not sure what exactly for you is it that you just wanted to meet with another therapist one time because I know Dr. Jamison she really advocates for not just the groups, but she also advocates for therapy as well.
Brandon Higginbotham: Not
Richelle Direny: Even have to meet every week and everybody's at a different place in their life.
Richelle Direny: Different season in their life. So they don't necessarily have to meet every week and financially, no matter how stressed, you are financially, if you
Richelle Direny: Can't afford it every week you
Richelle Direny: Can afford it every week and I'm reasonable in
Richelle Direny: That way.
Richelle Direny: So if it's once a month, but what have you but I guess what I'm trying to establish what is your hope in
Richelle Direny: Moving forward with the sessions like what are you looking to accomplish because I also don't want to necessarily start and then say, OK, now go back to your therapist or
Richelle Direny: Trying to
Brandon Higginbotham: Well, the reason I put in that email that I was willing to meet with a different counselor what because, to my knowledge, what I was told I needed to complete that bps and you said already completed that that was one of my tend to work with that.
Richelle Direny: So it was just more. So just to complete the bio
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah yeah
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, but even if, during your initial bio with Maggie. I'm trying to establish like what was the plan, moving forward, what was her recommendation I should
Brandon Higginbotham: Say in initially said is like once a month is when when I needed to meet with her.
Richelle Direny: And what were the recommendations in terms of
Richelle Direny: Work on
Brandon Higginbotham: Us. Well, I'm not really sure because like it's been when I meet with her back in November.
Brandon Higginbotham: I'd be lying to you if I told you I know we just basically talked to see like got a rundown about how my life and things like that. So I'm not really, you know,
Brandon Higginbotham: Sure of like what the main goals were, and all that. I know maintain sobriety, DEFINITELY BY OTHER NIGHT.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so it was mainly to
Brandon Higginbotham: Meet
Richelle Direny: Me at the time is to maintain your sobriety. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: Okay, now I do notice here that one of the things that you follow up with the psychiatrists for further assessment.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah yeah cuz I got PTSD bipolar one into
Brandon Higginbotham: Anxiety with depression, all that
Richelle Direny: Okay.
Richelle Direny: But we were you able to follow up with us as
Brandon Higginbotham: Well, I've been trying to make an appointment and like, I don't know if you're familiar with, like how psychiatry works but like you got a schedule like a month or two in advance before you can even get in so
Richelle Direny: You spend. Well, yes, because it's a lot that goes into some take insurance, some don't.
Richelle Direny: Work well and it's awful lot of different no matter what state you're in the same issues with psychiatrists
Brandon Higginbotham: But
Richelle Direny: Typically when you do finally get that appointment. I'm usually follow up with them once a month after yeah produce medication because they don't necessarily talk therapy.
Richelle Direny: Right. But now, since you've met with her back in November. You have not had the opportunity to
Richelle Direny: Know it, have you do you have private insurance.
Brandon Higginbotham: I got Medicaid
Richelle Direny: Medicaid and so and so that also is the determining factor in finding a psychiatrist because of the insurance.
Richelle Direny: Medical. Unfortunately, it's not pretty rapid and getting you
Brandon Higginbotham: Know,
Richelle Direny: When you become a lawyer, maybe you can try to explore
Richelle Direny: Different states that you working
Richelle Direny: Well, but I would definitely recommend you know called contract to Medicaid to see if you haven't already done so, just getting now are you on any kind of medication for the mental illness.
Brandon Higginbotham: That, oh yeah, I probably should be that
Richelle Direny: I mean how long ago, were you diagnosed with
Brandon Higginbotham: last summer's when they gave me all that diagnosis.
Richelle Direny: And who were, who was the one that diagnosis.
Brandon Higginbotham: There's a local psychiatrist or
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, then that's hearing Greenfield where I live and
Brandon Higginbotham: Like she's the one that gave me all the diagnosis. I'm like, Okay.
Brandon Higginbotham: So,
Richelle Direny: Okay. And, um, and you're not able to follow back up with my car insurance.
Brandon Higginbotham: Honestly, I did not like her at all. I love. I think she just like I tried to call her a quarter to three days in a row asked her to return my call. She never returned any calls
Brandon Higginbotham: And then I showed up out there and I swear, she locked the door or maybe even 10 minutes before they close and okay i was like i did not like this one.
Richelle Direny: Then you haven't been able to find another psychiatrist.
Brandon Higginbotham: No, I haven't really had much time.
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay. Um, now you know with every insurance company and you know I'm not going to say strongly for Medicaid, but typically what most insurance companies do have a case manager or you are, you have the ability to go on line.
Brandon Higginbotham: With that Molina so
Richelle Direny: Yeah, so you should you should have a case manager with Molina
Brandon Higginbotham: I do
Richelle Direny: One with, um, or even going online to look through to see who is you know what psychiatry except Medicaid in your state.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, like Selena has a specific website. I can go on and actually filter down to what I need to find and I can do that. Yes, yes.
Richelle Direny: It's, I mean, not everything is really at your fingertips.
Brandon Higginbotham: Right, you can you can look into them.
Richelle Direny: To try them to. I mean, I would definitely encourage it. I mean, you know,
Richelle Direny: Now I'm not going to knock if you do you experience a trauma and you have whether PTSD or bipolar disorder and all the different stuff. But I mean, a lot of times when I've worked with people. And I'm like, really. Who told you you on that.
Richelle Direny: But it is something that you find more often, that it is affecting you know different things are affecting your life, whether it's the trauma, whether it's the anxiety.
Richelle Direny: You have, you know, experience mania. How long is the manual and if it's in interrupting your life and something that truly needs to be addressed and treated. I really truly encourage that you follow up with a psychiatrist to monitor the medical
Brandon Higginbotham: You know place on that to
Richelle Direny: Help you with it. Um, I with anything. I truly encourage and I really encourage everyone that I meet with that you know therapy, along with Medicaid, like the two is a perfect marriage. Yeah.
Brandon Higginbotham: Kinda hand in hand.
Brandon Higginbotham: They
Richelle Direny: go hand in hand, you know, medication is only to put you at a level state. So you can think until you can process. And so you can work through whatever it is that you need to work through. I'm just taking medication and not doing the other piece.
Brandon Higginbotham: Correct. I did like the circle pointless.
Richelle Direny: And then you say, oh, well, my goal is to get off the medication. Well, I mean,
Richelle Direny: You know until you address the
Richelle Direny: Issue, you're not really going to ever successfully come off that medication, without going back on the, you know, answers wheel.
Richelle Direny: Yep, so I definitely really I try to encourage everyone I know, life happens I listen I'm human.
Richelle Direny: We all have issues.
Richelle Direny: The world is not getting any
Richelle Direny: Financial easier. It's getting harder.
Richelle Direny: So I do completely understand but I you know I did you meet for a session. It's all it takes a long email and say, Hey, can I reschedule something different, but the psychiatry definitely follow through on that I'm working with Dr. And find therapist.
Richelle Direny: Now I see that you talk to her about sleep. Are you having issues with sleep.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, yeah. I still do.
Brandon Higginbotham: Have you thinking about your Jason
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, she gave me a circle. And I mean, it helps a little bit but not to the point where I can still rest comfortably know
Richelle Direny: How hours do you sleep right
Brandon Higginbotham: Like straight hair. I might be lucky to get like two hours here when I'm up
Brandon Higginbotham: To more hour to talk to them at all.
Richelle Direny: So I was actually meeting with
Richelle Direny: Another patient who was a little cranky oftentimes very, very cranky. I think we had a session where it was like pretty intense.
Richelle Direny: And so it was just like, you know, it went from kind of like one to two to one day, like a shout out to like eight or nine not like our buddy like you really need to kind of tone it down a little bit. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: This went on for a few sessions. And do you know what the source of his issue was
Richelle Direny: Leslie
Richelle Direny: Like a sweet and so finally, I'm like all right after an hour and a half session, um, where, you know, typically the sessions or an hour, but like 30 minutes over. I wasn't Emily keep him hanging. I'm like, listen, you need to talk to the doctor, you're not getting any sleep.
Richelle Direny: Described a medic. I want us to maybe Sarah cool too. And all of a sudden one day, I was like, I didn't know you could smile.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: He started getting a little bit of sleep.
Richelle Direny: It wasn't that he was going through eight hours now all of a sudden, but it went from like you said, the two hours of sleep to about four hours.
Richelle Direny: And made a little bit of a difference.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah definitely affects your men mental stability, they don't get enough sleep so
Richelle Direny: I mean, anxiety, does kind of somewhat affects your sleep too if
Richelle Direny: You have anxiety and your mind is racing racing thoughts on all kinds of things.
Brandon Higginbotham: Are 50 all day long.
Brandon Higginbotham: It is due
Richelle Direny: So if you have a lot on your mind, and it's working through kind of like, you know, kind of bringing down the anxiety, a little bit so you can get some sleep. Um, but also in addition to taking the medication to help the situation. I mean,
Richelle Direny: You're kind of walking a path there that can be very stressful. You're in law school. So you do need your mental capacity.
Richelle Direny: Right focus
Richelle Direny: So, speak to her that if she prescribed a circle and you haven't really seen the improvement over the course of like two, three weeks, then definitely talk to her, so she can maybe up it if they need to be okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, because I did see that works for the one patient. It was just like night and day. All of a sudden
Yep.
Richelle Direny: Now it says one of the goals was to obtain employment.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, finally did that.
And I see here
Richelle Direny: Yet driver's license will reinstate in the next three to six months.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah. What I have to do there. I just got to get an SRO 22 then that's like reinstated so
Richelle Direny: Okay, okay, um, was it your license was revoked.
Brandon Higginbotham: Well, I ended up getting pulled over, back in 2017 I think was May of 2017 and I was drinking prior and it you know he's drinking a little bit. And when the deputy pulled me over well.
Brandon Higginbotham: He said that if I would have waited 30 minutes I would have been good enough to drive not like, can we just stay in here for 30 minutes
Brandon Higginbotham: And he's like, unfortunately, I know under, under that company up
Richelle Direny: Oh, and so for them it was, um, suspending
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, they got suspended and then like already paid my reinstatement fee and all that just got to get in. So 22
Richelle Direny: What is that
Brandon Higginbotham: That's a like
Brandon Higginbotham: A bond of insurance where you got to hold it for like three years. I think it is. And if you don't hold it for the three year time and if you get caught drive and then you get driving under suspension and all that good stuff. But it's basically just maintaining insurance.
Actually
Richelle Direny: Okay, and now you're in Ohio. Right.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yep. Okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay then. So, so while the what I was going over what some of the things that she
Richelle Direny: Um,
Richelle Direny: Those are some of the things that she recommended or what are some short term goals.
Richelle Direny: For you, so. About the only thing is that you did get a job. You said right
Richelle Direny: Okay. So pretty much everything else is ongoing. Um, I would definitely recommend speaking to Dr. Jamison and
Richelle Direny: Attended weekly groups which that you have
Richelle Direny: And, you know, look, you're working on, but reach out to the insurance company. Now what is I should ask, what was your goal in terms of when you join Bernhard health
Richelle Direny: Outside of maintaining sobriety.
Brandon Higginbotham: Or maintaining years writing because it
Richelle Direny: Sounds like you've been doing that for the last three years.
Richelle Direny: Is that okay so what what is your ultimate goal.
Brandon Higginbotham: advance my career and actually get my feet on the ground and run with it is what I want to do.
Richelle Direny: Now now with that. How can be hope you back to the right heart.
Brandon Higginbotham: Well, I mean like continued like group meetings because like I like being active like during the groups and stuff so that helps a lot. And
Brandon Higginbotham: I know just really basically just having like people there that I could speak with you know that helps a little bit too because I don't really like being in a big group of people, although I fit in, like, a chameleon. I don't like being around a bunch of people but
Brandon Higginbotham: It helps that way to go. Okay, now
Richelle Direny: What is a goal ultimate outsider, because to maintain your sobriety. That's more long term that's
Brandon Higginbotham: A given that
Richelle Direny: That's going to be over time. Now, outside of that, what other goal for you like immediate when you think about, you know, another goal that you would try to
Richelle Direny: Through bright heart through the resource you have now the platform you have now you know what would that you can get through this telemedicine. What is it that you would like to work on if given the opportunity which you're being given what would you like to work on.
Brandon Higginbotham: Hmm, that's good question.
Brandon Higginbotham: A goal that I would like to work on with the tools that I'm giving right now through bright heart health.
Brandon Higginbotham: Maybe pass on the knowledge, maybe other people that struggling, that maybe I could get them involved in the program. Maybe something
Richelle Direny: Okay, now when you look at you've maintained, and that is something like pass on that you you maintain your sobriety. For the last three years. And what was your drug of choice.
Brandon Higginbotham: Heroin said no.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so you would like to pass on your knowledge or what have you. For free while you're in for therapy. But my question is this, that
Richelle Direny: When you look at
Richelle Direny: Now let me back it up a little bit.
Richelle Direny: Would you like to eventually in the future over time as a long time.
Richelle Direny: To be tapered off on this song.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, like every time. Like, right now it really helps cuz I mean carbs, the cravings. Like, I don't have any of those. And you know, I mean, it helps but yeah overtime. I'd like to get off of it.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so when you look at until what I'm trying to kind of guide in terms of looking at goal we're working on. When you say curve, the cravings, like what are some things that
Would
Richelle Direny: And as I as I work with everyone. I look at it from the standpoint of
Richelle Direny: You
Richelle Direny: Part of the addiction is to suppress
Richelle Direny: Your so suppressing an emotion, you've lost control you have your coping skill is reaching for something that will help you to numb your thoughts, your feelings, your emotions. Right, right.
Richelle Direny: Yes, man. So, that is what you are the person. And so in some ways, though the Suboxone is helping it still is a form of the band aid to what you don't completely fully have control over or haven't fully learned how to gain control over something in your life that brings about
Richelle Direny: Comments or what have you.
Richelle Direny: And
Richelle Direny: What is that, because until you address that elephant. It will be hard for you to ever taper off of the Suboxone because I remove the Suboxone the cravings come back up because the issues are still there. And for you. What is that
Brandon Higginbotham: Well, like my childhood. It was all messed up all kinds of messed up all me my whole life, then all kind of messed up. I just got to take control back of my life and take the reins, you know,
Richelle Direny: In the last three years you have been somewhat successful in gaining that control, but you need to kind of get that control my luck.
Richelle Direny: Yes. And what is something that's hindering you fully getting back on.
Brandon Higginbotham: Oh man, that's good advice never really thought about it.
Brandon Higginbotham: I'm not really sure how to answer that.
Richelle Direny: Because the reality is, I mean, your passes your past, you can't really do it like you said your childhood and you know is all kinds of messed up. And you can't really
Richelle Direny: I think if we can all go back in our paths. I mean, I don't know what this world would look like if we could go on to the path.
Richelle Direny: I don't know what the world would look like.
If
Richelle Direny: It is our past, but we can
Richelle Direny: Use our past to rewrite what our future looks like in terms of the decisions we make.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, just like using the past is like lessons and then just, like, make sure you learn from it. That's what I tried to do
Richelle Direny: Exactly, exactly. And in that
Richelle Direny: What when you look at you know in the past. If you drink and use it because it's one thing to drink and say, oh, you know, I'll have a little drink and then you're done. But it's like
Richelle Direny: You keep going. You keep going. You keep going. You keep going to the point where you have no sense of you, you've lost all sense of control.
Richelle Direny: And it's not like you know it's fun, it's exciting. Let's go. You know, like, okay, you know, I like dancing. Let's go dancing. That's not how we use alcohol. Let's go dancing.
Richelle Direny: Yeah, you use it for something else. So for you, is it whether it's thinking about maybe your childhood, like the relationship with your mom with your dad or, you know, is it impacting the relationship with your wife. Do you have children.
Brandon Higginbotham: We don't
Richelle Direny: Okay, but either whatever that is. It's like, what is that and and have over the years, have you pretty much developed somewhat of a solid foundation in learning how to work through different adversities that you're faced with or do you crumble at those adversities
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, pretty much like freeze up
Richelle Direny: And so it's identifying the, what is that so crippling about those adversities. What is the fear is it that you lack
Richelle Direny: Trust within yourself, is it
Brandon Higginbotham: And
Richelle Direny: That brings on the anxiety. And so looking at from that lens. How can you work through that because once you identify what that is and you start working through it.
Richelle Direny: You're, you're your
Richelle Direny: Cravings with somewhat start decreasing because you're bringing it into your awareness to work through
Hmm.
Brandon Higginbotham: That's on that I'd have to think about the see like next I dig deeper. A little bit. But I'd have to do
Richelle Direny: You know, oftentimes our issues is not something that we necessarily have to dig deep for. It's that it's there. But sometimes we feel, bring me if I speak it out. I'm worse facing
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, yeah. I mean, I'm pretty strong willed and minded and everything, but like
Brandon Higginbotham: There's a lot of stuff like even from my childhood like my sister. She's, she's three years younger than me and
Brandon Higginbotham: Like she's, she's like, rather than do you remember this that I was like I had no idea what you're talking about. Like there's stuff that she remembers that I have absolutely no clue about like I blocked it out. Like, I don't remember years of my childhood and I was like okay
Richelle Direny: And so because of trauma oftentimes the trauma is so
Richelle Direny: Deep that we train ourselves to complete lockdown.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, like there's a couple different years that I can't remember anything.
Richelle Direny: It's funny. It's funny that our minds, we have the ability, without realizing it. So blocked out chunks of our childhood.
Richelle Direny: Trauma is so much that we find a way to block it out.
Richelle Direny: Because you don't want to face it, but not realizing that the things that we do today and the behaviors that we display today is a direct correlation to
Richelle Direny: That traumatic experience you've had as a child that you kind of blocked out a new mom and some would say, well why bring it up if you don't remember why Bermuda. But could it be, that's the reason why it's affecting your today.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, I guess the way I see it is like if I don't remember it. Then I can't bother me.
Richelle Direny: Have you ever had those feelings, where you know I feel away or I'm angry and I just don't know why.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah a lot. I do that a lot. Mm hmm.
Richelle Direny: It's because subconsciously we suppress it deep down in our subconscious and it's trying to wanting to escape, and you're like, nope. Nope, you can say that down there. Nope. Nope.
Richelle Direny: I want to do it. Nope, nope, nope, move that's putting that down there, but not realizing that maybe the history
Brandon Higginbotham: Of if you
Richelle Direny: Have alcohol abuse. If you have addiction to heroin. If you have all these things. That was your way of training yourself versatile.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yes.
Brandon Higginbotham: And and even as even as a child like I come home from school. I definitely want to go to sleep. Just, I would have to deal with it.
Brandon Higginbotham: That's how it was.
Richelle Direny: And
It's a way of teaching us how to do
Richelle Direny: I remember some time ago I watched this movie and
Richelle Direny: She was like, it was like a Tyler Perry movie but like sometimes he makes movies are really very deep. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: It was, I can't remember that. But I think her addiction or this is an addiction. She had become addicted to I think she had a sexual addiction.
Richelle Direny: That was her addiction. Yeah. And it became she was just really, it became out of control. She lost all power of control and it was through therapy that she realized that from the age of I think there was 10 was a significant number and through cycle therapy, she realized that
Richelle Direny: The biggest trauma that occurred in her life happened at that age, and she kept it so suppressed. She didn't realize that her current addiction was a direct relation to the sexual trauma.
Richelle Direny: And it was until she allowed herself to bring it out into the face it. That's when she started the healing process because it was at the age of 10
Richelle Direny: Something really bad happened with her and she didn't realize that what was going on with her today had something to do with what have that from the trauma that she suppressed that she just couldn't remember what she refused to remember she had buried so deep down in our subconscious.
Brandon Higginbotham: What's the name of that movie.
Richelle Direny: Oh god, you know,
Brandon Higginbotham: I could probably google it.
Richelle Direny: It was oh god I cannot. I cannot remember
Richelle Direny: I cannot remember it. I'm gonna think about it and email it to you, but it was. It's a Tyler Perry movie and what it was through therapy that at some point later on through the therapy, she realized that she had buried so deep, deep down,
Richelle Direny: That she didn't because every time the therapist would ask her the same thing that you would say to your sister. Yeah. Are the blowing off. She didn't want to talk about it. She didn't want to go there. No, no, nope, nope, nope, nope, not because the trauma was so severe.
Richelle Direny: And the minute she brought it up and out. That's when her human started
Brandon Higginbotham: So it was it was the movie called addicted.
Richelle Direny: You know, what do you want
Richelle Direny: Yes.
Richelle Direny: Did you find it so quick.
And Google
Richelle Direny: I think that's what it was called
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, it was came out in 2014
Richelle Direny: There you go. Here you go. And so, and for me. I mean, maybe if it's because it's my my
Richelle Direny: My profession. When I watched it like it was like, whoa. It was such an eye opener and that often times you don't you don't realize that the decisions that you're making right now and what's going on with you right now has a direct correlation to something experience as a child.
Richelle Direny: So, but, in that sense, I brought it up and I just kind of pointed it out just so it's for you to think about, you know, here it is that you have this platform, you have this opportunity.
Richelle Direny: And you know you speak about what is it that you would like to work on during your time here while you're in this program.
That's it.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah.
Richelle Direny: No, I was saying I was just thinking like if you if it's not something it's something that you need to really think about then, you know, something that you just have to think
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah yeah
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, I mean I like oh no I like listening to
Brandon Higginbotham: Mr. Reinhart and everything, you know, he makes a lot of points like mindfulness and
Brandon Higginbotham: No, no. Oh no, he when he starts talking about like mindfulness. I like listening.
Brandon Higginbotham: Then it makes a lot of sense. It really does.
Richelle Direny: You know, unlock it makes sense. Is it the question is putting it into practice and how effective are we in putting all that makes sense.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, I mean, it really depends on the person, because I mean everything makes sense differently to each individual
Richelle Direny: But personalizing it to your son.
Richelle Direny: Are you meditating on it and putting it into practice or finding a way that you can put it into practice.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, I mean,
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, like on after groups and everything like I talked to my wife about it.
Brandon Higginbotham: I mean, she's a great conversation. And anyway, so I mean that just haven't heard there to listen and you know I know she's like on the same level as I am, when it comes to thinking and not a lot of people can keep up with me. Anyway, so
Brandon Higginbotham: She's one of the very few
Richelle Direny: How long have you been been married
Brandon Higginbotham: Like a year.
Richelle Direny: Very new very new.
Richelle Direny: Anyway,
Richelle Direny: Okay, so. But yeah, definitely. Think about it. Um, I mean, I'll let out I'll check in with Maggie to let her know now.
Richelle Direny: How
Richelle Direny: If you were supposed to check in.
Richelle Direny: Whether it's once every other week, once a month, what is
Richelle Direny: What is convenient for you.
Brandon Higginbotham: What's best for you are probably every other week would be okay.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so what's best for you.
Brandon Higginbotham: Like as in
Richelle Direny: days and times.
Brandon Higginbotham: I see my groups are on Tuesday, so
Brandon Higginbotham: I mean, Mondays or Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Monday, Tuesday or Wednesday would probably be the best one in three days now the time afternoon or evening.
Richelle Direny: So right now, right now, this is better.
Brandon Higginbotham: Yeah, this is great.
Richelle Direny: Okay, so this is what I'll do, I'll put you on my calendar for the 10th. At the same time, and I'll find out from Maggie if she wants to follow up with you from here on out, or she wants me too. Okay, whoa, whoa.
Richelle Direny: Whoa, really limited
Brandon Higginbotham: So February.
Richelle Direny: 10 808 yeah
Richelle Direny: Actually
Richelle Direny: That's not to eat less than seven seven better
Brandon Higginbotham: Yes, good. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: I take it back. I just get seven o'clock. We're going to push it up even more six o'clock. It's
Brandon Higginbotham: just scribbled out three different things.
Richelle Direny: And I'm looking at my calendar.
Richelle Direny: It O'clock six o'clock.
Brandon Higginbotham: Six. Alright, so February 10 six
Richelle Direny: Yes, and I'll send you a message of some reminder
Brandon Higginbotham: Okay, that sounds good.
Richelle Direny: And then, um, you know, when you meet with Dr Jameson, and I'll send her a message to let her know what the schedule is looking like. And it's like I said, if you find that every other week is, it's, it's, I'm
Richelle Direny: Too much financially or otherwise, then we can move it to one someone
Brandon Higginbotham: Okay.
Richelle Direny: Like you're in a good place. We can do once a month. Okay.
Brandon Higginbotham: Okay, yeah. The reason, almost every other week right now is because like I do want to get into, like, a local psychiatrist or psychologist either work and
Brandon Higginbotham: Like once I get established with them. Then I'll probably change it to once a month, so
Richelle Direny: Now psychologist is more it's different psychiatry says the one that prescribe the medication.
Richelle Direny: Colleges, they just talk therapy.
Brandon Higginbotham: Right. Right. Yeah.
Richelle Direny: So yeah, just yeah just continue but like I said, reach out to Molina, see what it is that they offer, but with the Medicaid, you might you like you said, it might be a month or two out before you get an appointment.
Richelle Direny: Right. Okay. All right. Then I'm Brandon, so we will
Richelle Direny: We will see each other again on the 10th. Okay.
Brandon Higginbotham: Ready. Thank you.
You're welcome.